hey Joe and this is a quick deck profile
it's magical explosion deck em yeah
that's pretty well actually and social
you so it's a few other magical I please
at least you draw cards everything you
play see smells so you can go through
your dick really quickly with 127 scales
i think is split the three dark world
bro and just protect you allows you to
draw through the deck faster when you
need to start it so when clairvoyance 17
a monk the only air target you really
want to go with some among kids the
Romish library and there's 32 in table
contents with the twin cannon soldier it
please the twin cannon soldier instead
of toon world because I play a little
darkness don't know all right and this
is approximate suppose to be a place
where a zombie so yeah lets players only
alright feet into the void this is in
your court from the exit it's a draw one
card while you have three cards in your
hand and then this for GR hanji Memphis
but seeing is going to be trying to win
on the first turn that's just like deck
thing right it's good so three commotion
nature what 3m archivos your vehicle
move with ease as to take up sit
down and then use us to guess correctly
and add a card to the copyright pen to
add a card from your top of the deck to
your hands there's a 300 shin and
feed our holdings and quick note as Han
destruction doesn't work to use their
browsers effect and squeeze you to know
that ok so to say I helps you a drawer
your deck casa there's a free upstart
Goblin it's good visionaries not place
message to teleport to masters next on
excavations there's a party section
giant fern 8 and a little darkness and
the three Cal cards here are the massive
explosion life equalizer and while
revealing light often do getting out
your Life Points low enough just by
using nitrogen source and to be able to
use a selfie closer and the master
explosion but this is just in case you
can't do that and then there's the
branch which is the obvious con will
here with the Arsenal source and
compulsive nature so yeah and if you
understand what the convoys as you click
emotional nature for people sit down use
our scenes or guess correctly and then
because you know increase your hand side
by one you can use brown as if it to a
disk card to card a just drew and then
play this card again yes and infinitely
whip things can do 15 times but because
you play all these other draw cards and
those things will be enough free
throw for your entire deck as long as
you use these draw cards from the drone